Flex box shortcuts:

    flex-flow: to set multiple properties in a parent flex container (direction and wrap)
    flex: (flex grow, flex shrink, flex basis)

Debugging CSS:

    Change existing rules directly in the browser.
    Write new style declarations in an existing rule.
    Write new rules with new selectors.
    Click DOM elements and copy/paste selectors.
    Toggle whether rules are even being applied with a checkbox.
    Click on the source line next to a rule and see the source code in the browser.

    add borders
    comment out code

responsive design review

    viewport: user's visible area of a webpage

viewsports & media-queries:

    ex:
        @media screen and (min-width:600px) {
            nav {
            float: left;
            width: 25%;
        }
            section {
            margin-left: 25%;
            }
        }

        @media screen and (max-width:599px) {
            nav li {
            display: inline;
            }
        }

    Practice: 

        media-query-practice
        ├── css
        │    └── styles.css
        └── media-query-site.html

    types:

        -all: any and all devices.
        -print: Refers to viewing our site in "print preview" mode. For instance, if we had a website with a dark-colored background that users may want to print, we could use a print media query that removes the dark-colored background to make our website's information more legible in a printed format.
        -screen: Refers to color screens.
        -speech: Refers to screen readers that assist visually-impaired users.


    
Pseudo-Classes;

        hover;
        empty;
        active;

        :enabled selects inputs that are enabled and ready to be used. (That is, they haven't had the disabled property applied to them.)
        :disabled selects inputs with the disabled attribute.
        :checked selects currently-checked checkboxes.
        :required selects form fields marked as required.
        :optional selects inputs that do not have a required field.

        nth-child() selects children elements based on a provided as an argument. It takes three different types of arguments:
            Numbers
            Keywords
            Algebraic expressions

